Welcome to the Global Steel Traders website. By accessing and using our website, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions:

1. Use of the website:
The content of the pages on this website is for general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors, and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.

2. Intellectual property:
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.

3. Limitations of liability:
In no event shall Global Steel Traders be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from the use or inability to use the website or its content.

4. Links to other websites:
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and read the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

5. Governing law:
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state/country in which Global Steel Traders is located, without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.

6. Changes to the terms and conditions:
We reserve the right to update or modify these terms and conditions at any time without prior notice. By continuing to use our website after we post any such changes, you accept the terms and conditions as modified.

If you have any questions or concerns about these terms and conditions, please contact us.